are you doing are you doing where you
learned of your dream of having an
inspirational reality zone for a winner
we've gotten a whole team of volunteers
together to help make today matter we're
not gonna wait for the future and make
this happen we're gonna do it you have
so good it's absolutely real I've two
boys and one girl Larry has three kids
of his own
ten years ago I adopted two girls
children that are in foster care they
are fighters but they never get that
boost people making them feel better
about themselves they're on their own
they're alone they want to just feel
like they belong these kids they can't
be forgotten it's going to be a bowl
extravaganza for Foster girls by Candice
what they're allowing me to do like a
ball event for girls that is so sweet
yeah all right
is going to build their confidence
encourage them that they're special that
they're beautiful inside and out I was
asked what would you do if you had the
opportunity to do something great I said
I'm going to host a big event a
beautiful venue and these girls are
gonna have dresses makeovers their hair
done today well I didn't expect the
holidays they just tell us we was gonna
go to a banquet superstar but I got here
I started crying because I've never
experienced anything like this before
when you're dealing with youth that have
nothing and they come from nowhere just
to say I love you can change their whole
world
welcome to the inspiration Kalla
these beautiful young ladies who are
growing up in the system ladies you are
phenomenal girls and you're not alone
and I'm never gonna quit and I'm never
gonna stop because you matter
so grateful for being me I just want to
say I love her I love them they're two
great strong inspirational women that I
just really look up to this is something
that
we'll never ever
24 hours 24